I'm in Iceland. She is here as beautifully beautiful,
so cold, but it's also a good place to go
you can learn something new about the names. In particular,
as many world names, perhaps even most,
does not fit into the English system of names that your parents will give you
and then the names you inherit from your parents. Here in Iceland,
for example, our idea of ​​a family name,
which is inherited from generation to generation, is completely out of the question.
It's rare at best. Instead, kids
receive the first name of their parents, to which the "daughter" or "son" is added.
Which, of course, makes the Icelandic phone list a bit complicated: you have to
sort by the first name and the occupation, because it exists as a whole
so few surnames. And if it sounds weird, try to remember everyone
your acquaintances, whose surnames are
Thomson or Davidson or Peterson or Jameson.
Each is created by the Icelandic system, which used to be the English system,
it just turned into a surname.
And then all people who do not use their official name. Technically I do not use it, my official name is
Thomas Scott,
but I use Tom. Add people who use your second first name,
or who use a nickname or who simply use a different name
for some other reason. Then you have cultures that give your surname
to the first place, which is always confusing in translation
into English. Which reminds me of one advice.
If you ask for people's names, either in hard copy or online,
do not ask for the first [= first name] and surname. Do not put there - this is the worst-
first name and surname. Just make a check box,
where to write, and ask what their names are.
And for bonus points, then ask them how they want to be addressed,
because, well, if you want to be friends, it is good to know their name.
[Subtitles: AK, Sijisu]